Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Move! Move!
Hands! Let me see your hands!
- Jesus Christ. that's Hermann Göring.
- Who?
Hitler's second-in-command.
With fear and waiting.
What did he say?
He asked us to get his luggage.
Justice Jackson?
That depends on if you have a good reason
to be banging on my door at three o'clock.
They captured Hermann Göring alive.
- Where?
- Austria.
What are they going to do with him?
Well. that's the real question. isn't it?
Can I come in?
- No.
- But it's raining.
I can see that.
Are they going to shoot him?
Not that I know of.
Well. for a long time they
were going to shoot him.
Yes. sir.
Churchill and Roosevelt
signed the order themselves.
On order that you oppose.
I'm a Supreme Court Justice. I tend to
frown on executing men without a trial.
That's what I'm here to talk about.
It can't be done.
- You keep saying that.
- Because it can't be done.
Give me one good reason why not.
There's no legal precedent for a trial.
There's no international
law to base the charges on.
No one has ever tried war criminals
outside of one nation's jurisdiction
because the whole
concept of international law is
that one country can't tell another
country's citizens how to conduct themselves.
Elsie.
Trying these men in a
German court would be different.
But what you're talking
about is trying them
in some sort of legal
limbo that doesn't exist
using case law that
hasn't been written yet.
And on the off chance
that you're not keeping
track. that's about four
good reasons why not.
I'm getting you a drink.
I don't want a drink.
Then I'm getting me another
and getting you one for show.
Who do you put on trial?
The German commanders? Enlisted men?
What about the judges
who enforce the racial codes?
Obviously we'd have to work that out.
And once you decide who to put on
trial. what do you charge them with?
Conspiracy to wage
aggressive war on the world.
And you want the United States
to argue that as prosecution?
I do.
Against Germany?
A country that never attacked us?
Say just for a second it could be done.
- Robert.
- Don't you want to know how I'd do it?
It would have to be a
completely international effort.
All of the allies would
have to participate.
The US. Britain. France. Russia.
You can't do it without the Russians.
Four international judges.
You're talking about a tribunal.
Exactly.
The world needs to know what these men did.
It's a logistical nightmare.
I know.
But it has to be done.
Pick a card.
I don't think so.
Ask me to pick one.
Pick a card.
Now ask me to please remember
it and put it back in the deck.
Please remember it and
put it back in the deck.
Now shuffle.
Now what?
My card was a three of spades.
- Oh. that's hardly a trick.
- Turn over the top one.
Who are you?
I'm a psychiatrist.
Oh. and why are you going to Mondorf?
I wish I knew.
They send psychiatrists
on secret missions now.
I'm pretty sure I'm the first.
How did you do that?
With the cards?
I didn't do anything.
You're a really good magician.
Dr. Kelly.
Sgt. Howie Triest at your service.
I'm going to run you under
the commandant's office.
- Tigers. huh?
- Yes. sir.
Perhaps I'll see you around.
Jiminy.
Who is that?
That Howie was a very attractive woman.
She's a commandant.
Ah. yes. sir. Colonel Andrews.
So can you tell me what I'm
supposed to be doing here?
I thought the war was over.
I couldn't say.
You couldn't say because
you don't know. or you
couldn't say because somebody
told you you couldn't say?
I couldn't say.
Don't get sore with me. Doc.
I'm just a translator.
Translator for what?
We'll see.
Dr. Kelly.
Apparently Central Command thinks
you're some kind of hotshot head-shrinker.
I imagine you have some questions for me.
More than a few.
Let's get to it.
You are standing inside
a secret military prison.
It currently houses what's
left of the Nazi high command.
The governments of Russia. France.
Great Britain. and our United States
are deciding right now whether to
put these men on trial for their lives.
You have been brought
in to inspect and ensure the
prisoners' mental health
should that trial go forward.
Suicide.
That'll be the main concern
with most of the prisoners.
Hitler. Goebbels. and Himmler
have already taken their own lives.
We cannot afford any more losses.
Goebbels and Himmler did it with this.
Hidden cyanide capsule.
The one you'll have to
watch the closest is Göring.
Göring?
Why isn't Hermann Göring?
That's the one.
Hermann Göring's here?
Sergeant. is it possible
that he made you suffer
a large blow to his head
on the way to my office?
Not that I'm aware of. sir.
Sorry. it's just a lot to process.
- I'm sure it is. Try and do it faster.
- Yes. sir.
When Göring surrendered.
he was traveling with his family.
He had over a million
dollars in German currency
and jewelry. and a
large quantity of these.
We had them sent back to
the States for classification.
Hydrocodeine.
Fairly potent painkiller. I'm a fan.
He says they're for his heart.
Well. then. I have a rather large
bridge in Brooklyn to sell you.
These have nothing to do with the heart.
They're an opiate.
How many pills does he take a day?
Sergeant. forty. sir.
Well. I think it's safe to say the
Reichsmarschall's got a drug problem.
Where's his family now?
They've been released.
and they're not your concern.
Your only job is to evaluate
Göring and the others. That is it.
Sir. I'm a good doctor. but
the entire Nazi high command
might be a little bit beyond
my area of expertise.
Believe me. Major. this was not my idea.
Dismissed.
He was not great about tox. is he?
Kalman's not known for his warmth. sir.
What are you doing?
Göring. Right now.
- You don't want to get settled first?
- I want to know what I'm dealing with.
All right. well. don't be too intimidating.
I'm not. Tell me about it.
Reichsmarschall Hermann Göring. President
of the Reichstag. Minister of Aviation.
Commandant-in-Chief of the
Luftwaffe. Minister of Economics.
a founding member of
the Kastafel secret police.
was appointed Hitler's successor in 1939
and is the highest ranking
German military officer of all time.
Okay.
Now I'm a little intimidated.
Don't be. You're good.
Reichsmarschall!
Reichsmarschall Göring. my
name is Dr. Douglas Kelly.
My name is Dr. Douglas Kelly.
He says. wonderful. a doctor.
I am. I'm going to take your pulse.
Yeah. yeah.
He's been asking for his pills.
He wants you to get them for him.
I understand you've had heart trouble.
Can you open your shirt. please?
Respiration is rapid and shallow.
Don't translate that.
The pills help with the pain as well.
He says he was shot down in World War I.
He has a bullet in his right hip.
In 1923 he was shot in the
groin during the Munich pooch.
You've been shot a lot. sir.
Occupational hazard.
Well. if you really want
to look after your heart.
the best way to do that
is to lose some weight.
I'm assure you are looking at the
best physique in all of Germany.
Just ask my wife.
Oh. I'm sure you're right. sir. but
the guards here call you fat stuff.
I'm sure it would be difficult for
a lesser man to lose this weight.
but you possess a fortitude and
discipline that others do not. yes?
You see. this man is different.
We're going to be good
friends. I'm sure of it.
I look forward to that.
- Good day.
- Auf Wiedersehen.
Inflated sense of self.
Charming.
Speaks English.
What? What? What? What?
The way he looked at
me when I called him fat.
He understood me. He's been playing you.
No. no. why would he pretend?
Translation gives him more
time to consider his answers.
He thinks that gives him an advantage.
Wait. hold on.
You're saying I spent
the last three months
mumbling to myself while
he understood everyone?
Pretty much.
Are you going to tell him that you know?
No. no.
He's going to tell me when he's ready.
- When's that?
- When he determines I'm not a threat.
I want to meet the rest of them.
Who's next?
Dr. Robert Ley. chief of
the German labor front.
one of Hitler's earliest followers.
He once wrote a book
that was so complimentary
that Hitler had the entire run destroyed
because he was so embarrassed.
Ley. who spearheaded the Nazi slave
labor program. was captured in his pajamas.
calling himself Dr. Distelmaier.
I'm not like these other power-hungry
men you have locked up in here.
I can smell the Jew.
Great admiral Karl Dönitz.
the German navy's commander in chief.
architect of the U-boat attack
that crippled the British navy.
The fanatical Nazi
with the arrest of Dönitz.
The Third Reich is ended forever.
I've been in custody for 76 days.
I have yet to be formally arrested
or charged with a specific crime.
which is a direct violation
of the Geneva Convention.
Charge me or release me.
Julius Streicher.
Hitler's director of propaganda.
publisher of the national
anti-Semitic paper. De Sturma.
Streicher. docked the high priest of
anti-Semitism and the beast of Franconia.
led the Jewish boycott
and ruled Nuremberg with an iron fist.
He wants to know if you're a Jew.
No.
But you work in a Jewish profession.
What do you fight for. doctor?
Göring is the key.
A leader of a nation in exile.
He binds them all together.
He's begun a strict
self-imposed diet and exercise
regimen and is going
cold turkey on the pills.
It's almost as if he's
training for something.
If one were to write a book about him. it-
Is there a library in town?
- You want to go to a libray?
- Yes!
- At 2:33 in the morning?
- Yes. get your coat.
I'll get my coat.
The sheer amount of narcissists
we got locked up in that hotel.
I bet at least half have books in here
written about them or written by them.
We're going to figure these guys out.
Do you speak any German. doc?
Not even a little.
How'd you learn?
My mother spoke German.
I wanted to be like her.
You really think you can do it?
Do what?
Well. get these guys to open up to you.
Sure.
Ow.
Everybody wants to be listened to.
It's a natural instinct.
I learn about them.
I get them to trust me.
They open up.
I make it sound so easy.
What if we could dissect evil?
What sets these men apart from all others?
What enabled them to
commit the crimes that they did?
It almost took over the world.
You've heard about the work camps for Jews?
Rumor has it
they weren't just work camps.
I've heard.
So how do people become like that?
We actually have a shot to figure that out.
To find out
what makes the Germans different.
Different?
From us.
A man who writes a book about
that can make a lot of money.
You know. for a second I
thought you were being noble.
You aren't noble?
Fine.
We could psychologically define evil.
We could make sure something
like this never happens again.
What's going on?
Hermann Göring can't breathe.
Move!
Hallie!
His airway is clear.
That's good. right?
And he's having a heart attack.
Without the prison doctor.
He's on his way.
Tell him to hurry.
Hallie. get some aspirin.
Plain old ordinary aspirin.
You're going to not go.
Hey. hey.
Your heart's still beating.
Which means you're alive.
I'm going to keep you that way.
I need you to stay calm.
Breathe with me.
In and out.
I'm here.
Look at me.
I'm here. I'm not going to let you die.
In and out.
Is that your wife?
She's here.
Breathe with me.
Hand me a few of those. Hallie.
Thank you. Hallie.
Best thing for the heart.
Trust me.
Breathe in and out.
Your pulse is slow.
Hey. guess what?
You're alive.
I am.
Well. how about that?
Thank you.
Let's get him to the infomerica. mon.
He smiled for it.
He said thank you in English.
Truman wants to win reelection in 48.
He's not going to do
that coddling of the Nazis.
That's true enough.
Plus. a trial means giving them a
chance to tell their stories to the world.
What are we afraid to hear them tell?
We won the damn war. Bob.
If you do this. it'll turn into the
biggest boondoggle of all time.
Cameras in the damn courtroom.
Well. what if they're sympathetic?
What if all this does
is provide them with a
platform for antisemitism
all over the world?
You won't be responsible for that.
You want to know if I'm comfortable
executing a few dances without trial?
Damn right I am.
It doesn't matter anyway.
I'll never get the Russians.
We got the Russians.
What?
We did?
Truman called Stalin himself. looking
at Nikichenko for lead prosecutor.
That's fantastic news.
I have no idea who you are.
Colonel John Ammons. sir.
I work for the Judge Advocate General.
So. the Army sent us a lawyer.
Yes. sir. I bring greetings from
General Eisenhower. who says he
wants you to know that he's not
for hanging anyone without a trial.
Well. that's progress.
He also says he
hopes the trial won't take
too long so we can get
on with hanging them.
Have a seat.
I've read a lot about you. sir. They say
you're going to be the next Chief Justice.
The President promised
him the seat personally.
And swore me into secrecy.
so let's maybe not tell
everyone who walks into
the office about it. okay?
Well. everyone in my office says
there's no way you get the trial.
What do you say?
I say I like an underdog.
Good morning. Julius.
I'm going to show you a series
of cards. each with ink blots.
and you're going to tell me
what each ink blot makes you see.
Perhaps it will reveal something
about your character. your
intelligence. creativity. and
everything here stays between us.
A doctor?
Yes.
I can't speak to you in
English if it is of some help.
Only if it makes you comfortable.
Shall we begin?
I'm calling you.
I'm Hexen.
This is your director. Torpedo Trevor.
Torpedo Head.
Somebody has spilled something.
I see 10.000 horses.
I see the Valkyries ride.
A vagina.
A vagina?
A Jewish vagina.
This is blood.
Or ink.
You can say a lot of things with ink.
I'm sorry. Bob. Word came down tonight.
It's going to be a no.
Congress is going to say no to the trial.
They just want executions.
I'm out of moves.
What about the president?
The president wants someone to hide behind.
That's why he needs Congress.
Neither will do it without the other.
So you need someone bigger to back it?
Oh. come on.
Who's bigger than the president?
Jesus Christ.
Literally.
Are you a Catholic?
I am now.
The Holy Father will see you now.
You wish to put this
man on trial for their lives.
Then you have come to ask
for the Church's blessing in this.
Your support would go a long way
to building an international consensus.
No one denies these men are evil.
But an eye for an eye is not the answer.
Maybe not. but I'm pretty
sure where I first read about it.
Are you Catholic?
No. sir.
A religious man?
Not especially.
And yet at home they call you a justice.
I didn't pick the name.
If you sit long enough
in judgment of others.
you come to believe the laws
of man outweigh the laws of God.
I don't believe that.
Then what do you believe?
I believe in man in our capacity to
save ourselves from men like the Nazis.
I believe this to be a good act.
Once so good. you must
circumnavigate your own laws to achieve it.
I'm sorry. but the Catholic
Church cannot support you in this.
But you could support them in 1933.
I'm sorry?
You signed the Concordat
with Hitler yourself.
That was a different matter.
You lived in Munich.
You were the nuncio to the German Empire.
The Catholic Church was the first world
power to acknowledge the pure state.
You gave the Nazis credibility.
In order to protect Catholics in Germany.
Isn't it a pity the Jews didn't
have someone to do that for them?
Do you think I condone what they did?
People will remember. sir.
What you did in 1933.
What you do now.
They'll tell their children.
Did the Catholic Church
stand with the Nazis?
Or against them?
Did you just blackmail the Pope?
I don't want to talk about it.
Word came down last night.
There's going to be a trial.
A trial?
Good.
As it should be.
Those cards that you showed me.
What did they teach you about me?
Honestly. that you are highly intelligent.
I could have told you this.
And that you're a narcissist.
Given to an expansive
and aggressive fantasy life.
With a strong ambition and drive
to subjugate the world as you find it.
To your own pattern of thinking.
And you were surprised by this?
No.
Then the cards have taught you nothing.
Now. Tris. he tells me you do magic.
Einsauber.
Sorry.
Perhaps if it's not too much
trouble. we don't get entertainment.
Why not?
Here's an average ordinary silver dollar.
Ta-da!
Very good. Very good.
I will show you a magic trick one day.
What's that?
I am going to escape the hangman's noose.
How do you plan on doing that?
If I were to tell you.
it would not be a trick.
No. I'm not.
This is the end of the episode.
You see what the allies are capable of?
There is nothing left.
You said that.
The palace of justice.
The roof has been damaged by the air raids.
Fire gutted the upper floors
and collapsed the clock tower.
But this court room should be able
to hold 600 people when it's finished.
What's with all the supplies?
The Nazis fought their last stand
here when the city was taken.
And so they will again.
All the beautiful cities
in this conquered land.
You want to try them in
this bombed out husk?
This is Sir David Maxwell Fyfe.
assistant prosecutor for the British.
Yes. sir. we do.
For one thing. we
can control the space.
For another. there's an adjoining
prison with room for up to 1200 inmates.
When he needs space for 22.
Sorry. 22. sir.
That's the number of men
we're indicting for the first trial.
You see. if we don't win that trial.
there won't be any more trials to come.
And you. myself and Justice
Jackson and our respective
governments will be the
laughingstock of the world.
defeated by the very men we've imprisoned.
So that will be fun.
My friends in Washington say
opinions turn to him against you.
There's talk that you won't get the Chief
Justice's seat when Stone steps down.
Well. who's truly going to pick?
Benson? Benson's too political.
Yes. but he's there.
This whole thing's become
a sideshow. Robert.
It hasn't even begun.
They say you're writing
all the briefs yourself.
refusing help from other lawyers.
Because it has to be done right.
And it will. but you can't do it alone.
Oh. everything will be fine
once we actually get to trial.
You say that. as though trying the Nazi
high command with untested case law.
the whole world watching
is going to be the easy part.
Well. when you put it like that.
Anything less than total victory
will be considered utter defeat.
which means you don't just have to
win. Robert. You have to be flawless.
No pressure.
I love him. I love him.
Your cells are made of
stone. nine feet by thirteen.
Your beds are bolted to the wall.
Your mattress is stuffed
with straw instead of springs.
Your desks are made of cardboard
and will not support a man's full weight.
Your chairs are never
allowed against any wall
and will be removed
every night at sundown.
When you sleep. your
head and hands will
remain above your
blanket visible at all times.
You will be given no
belts. you will be given
no shoelaces. you will
be given no toilet seats.
you will be given nothing with which to
use as a weapon to take your own lives.
Welcome to Nuremberg.
Now this is a cell.
Your proof?
SHermann built. How could I not?
They will charge us soon. yeah.
You're looking forward to it?
I believe I am.
I will have. as you say. my day in court.
Do you know this Jackson.
the Justice Jackson?
No. I do not.
He will try to outfit me.
but he will not succeed.
Very sure of yourself.
Doctor. no man has ever beaten me.
There are books filled with the
names of those who have tried.
I hear you said. SHermann built.
You think I am at some sort of
disadvantage because I sit in a cell.
I will remind you. I surrendered.
This is exactly where I desired to be.
Göring remains an enigma to me.
The closer we get to the indictments.
the more confident he becomes.
I need to figure out a
way to get closer to him.
So how do we do that?
We ask for his help.
With what?
Rudolf Hess.
Rudolf Hess is coming here.
Rudolf Hess. deputy to the Fuhrer.
Third in line for succession
following Hitler and Goethe.
Hess transcribed my income
for Hitler while the two were in
prison and was known as one
of his most fanatical followers.
Sieg Heil!
Never do that in my prison again.
On May 10th. 1941. at the
height of the war. Hess climbed into
a Messerschmitt fighter plane
alone and flew over the North Sea.
He bailed out somewhere over
Scotland and broke his ankle upon impact.
Upon his discovery. he
announced that he was Rudolf Hess.
Hess was third in line of the German high command and
he was here on a mission of peace and wanted to speak
with Douglas Douglas Hamilton. the 13th Duke of Hamilton.
whom Hess had met at the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin.
After some obstacles. Hess
was granted his meeting.
There he announced his intention to meet with
King George VI. have Winston Churchill fired. and
negotiate a truce with Britain allowing the two
nations to join forces and defeat the Soviet Union.
Hess was immediately thrown
into the Tower of London.
There Hess began claiming he had no
memory of past events. even his childhood.
This lasted until February 1945 when he
said his previous amnesia had been faked.
He then flipped again
and said his amnesia had
returned in July 1945
when Germany collapsed.
So now you would come to Hermann
Göring to discredit my old friend.
What would be in this for me?
What do you want?
My wife and my daughter.
No one has been able to
locate them since I surrendered.
I need you to find them for my
daughter and to give to them these letters.
First we talk to Hess and then your family.
How about that?
So what? This guy
almost takes over the whole
world and now he wants
to do a mail run for it?
I'm a deeper with this guy
than anyone's ever been.
And reading his family
will only tell me more.
So. Scudorf. do you remember me?
We were together. yes.
That must have been the case.
But I don't remember anyone.
It was the three of us. Scudorf.
You and I.
And Adolf.
We ruled an empire.
I'm sorry.
You may well have been a friend.
But I don't know you anymore.
He is lying.
He has just spent an hour to
say he does not remember me.
But when he arrived in the prison
and he saw me. what did he do?
Salute.
Sicile.
That was very good.
This is dumb. I'm dumb.
I knew you'd come through for me.
Yeah. because I'm a dummy.
How'd you find him?
Local gossip.
Told me they were in Baldurstein.
Smoke?
Never seen you smoke.
Yeah. I don't. Gave it up.
My parents hated this.
You always got them on you.
It's a trick to get in
good with the officers.
Tell myself I'll have a
smoke when the war is done.
The war is done. Howie.
It's not too much for them.
Mrs. Gerig.
My name is Douglas Kelly.
I work at the prison. I'm a psychiatrist.
I work in the hospital. I'm a teacher.
Your husband asked me
to bring you some letters.
Yes.
How is he?
He's good.
He's holding it up.
Was that you playing?
It was beautiful.
Ah. she said he's a friend of your father.
Is he?
Is he your father?
How is papa?
He's doing very well.
Is he being brave?
Very brave.
He wants to be brave too.
He's smart.
He has a lot of stuff to do.
He wrote you a letter.
Thank you.
Do you want to go to the hospital?
She will be here 100 times. Thank you.
Thank you.
Doctor.
Dr. Hermann.
I don't know if I can.
Peter.
Come back.
Okay. doctor.
What the hell?
Hermann Göring?
I am a race marshal. Hermann Göring.
Hermann Wilhelm Göring.
you are hereby charged by
the United States of
America. the French Republic.
United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland and the
Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
on the following four counts.
Crimes against peace. war
crimes. crimes against humanity
and of a common plan or
conspiracy to commit those crimes.
The crimes against humanity
you are accused of include murder.
extermination. enslavement.
deportation and other inhumane acts.
This is a copy of your indictment.
Do you have any questions?
No.
Good day.
Who's next?
Striker.
Do you have any questions?
What did he say?
He said he wants a Jewish lawyer.
I'm not going to trial.
You are. Dr. Ley.
I never killed anyone.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
Robert.
Don't touch me!
Hold him!
Come out!
Don't drive me down!
Shoot me! Shoot me! Shoot me!
Rough day?
Lady from the train.
Magic now.
How goes the secret mission?
It's hit a few obstacles.
I can see that.
What are you doing here?
I came in with the press.
Hermann Göring and the
Nazis are being indicted today.
No say.
Strap yourself in.
This city is about to become
the greatest show on earth.
Yes. sir.
Dark rumors continue to swirl about
the true purpose of the Nazi work camps.
The legal teams are assembling for what
promises to be the trial of the century.
Through this tunnel. the Nazis
will be taken to the courtroom.
Now being rebuilt for the trial.
There. the film lights
will be so bright that
the court goers will be
provided with sunglasses.
Hermann Göring and his
Hitler-loving cronies are
scheduled to face off
with our boys in one week.
Will justice prevail or
will the fascists go free?
This reporter desperately hopes
that the Allies run into no problems.
We have a problem.
Operation Wieserbund was the German
invasion of Denmark and Norway in 1940.
In the textbook aggressive
war. the Nazis. they
rolled tanks and they
occupied neutral country.
Except they're going to claim that
the invasion was a preemptive strike.
To preempt what?
The British plan to invade Norway.
Well. that's ridiculous.
Absolutely ridiculous.
I'm in complete agreement.
It concerns me that you're
in this room right now.
Well. in addition to being
ridiculous. it also happens to be true.
The idea was to use the country as
a staging area to hold the Nazis back.
And to prosecute the Nazis
for planning aggressive
wars if you guys were
planning aggressive wars.
I bet there's a certain logic there.
Can the Nazis prove it?
The German law has
already put in a request
for documents. but they
don't have it. Not yet.
Then we're in the clear.
Maybe. But it raises a bigger issue.
We have to know what the Nazis
know. what their defense strategy is.
How exactly to propose we do that?
Dr. Kelly. you are going to meet
someone very important this evening.
This might actually be your
chance to find the bee of some use.
Impressive. right?
Hitler was building it to be the
largest stadium on the planet.
You're Justice Jackson.
And you're the shrink.
This is where they held the rallies.
Every year. Hitler would pack this
place. speak to the Nazi party as a whole.
They filmed it.
In 1935. this is where he
announced the Nuremberg Laws.
You know the laws?
The Nuremberg Laws
defined a Jew as any person
having three or four
Jewish grandparents.
It didn't matter if you practiced
Judaism. if you converted to Christianity.
This was about blood.
The laws stripped all
Jews of German citizenry.
They made it illegal for
Jews and Germans to marry
each other because of
the fear of Rasenschande.
Defilement of the blood.
Under the laws. Jews were
prohibited from using state hospitals.
And not allowed access to public
education beyond the age of 14.
Libraries. parks. and
beaches were closed to Jews.
War memorials had all Jewish names on them.
Expunged.
All of that was announced
right here on this very ground.
What do you want from me?
Your patients?
I need you to start asking
them the right questions.
What are the right questions?
What they tell their lawyers?
How they plan to defend themselves?
You want me to be a spy?
I want you to do your
duty for your country.
No. you want me to break
Dr. Patient Confidentiality.
I think you already have. doctor.
We read every report.
We need more.
Why not just shoot them?
Just whatever he wants.
I mean. if you're just gonna
cheat... That's not cheating.
If you're asking me to betray my oath...
Why not just shoot
them and be done with it?
After the last great war.
we made Germany crawl.
We humiliated them.
Made them pay reparations
they couldn't afford.
We made them hate us so much
that in less than two decades...
They went from a broken
nation to near world conquerors.
We had to do this right
because if we don't...
If fifteen years from now they
come back even stronger...
I don't know if we can
beat them a third time.
If we just shoot these
men. we make them martyrs.
I'm not gonna allow them that.
There will be no statues of them.
No songs of praise.
I'm gonna put Hermann
Göring on the stand...
And I'm gonna make him
tell the world what he did.
So that it can never happen again.
You brought me here because of Göring.
No.
I brought you here to show you
that before the bullets were fired...
Before tens of millions of men died...
All of this started with laws.
This war ends in a courtroom.
With Göring?
He's the face of the Nazis now.
As he falls. so do they all.
But if I'm gonna do that...
I need to be ready for it.
Will you help me?
Let's talk about Hitler.
It is interesting you have not
asked me this directly before.
I'm curious what the attraction was.
There was a failed painter.
Not a very good soldier yet.
He was worshipped and revered.
He made us feel German again.
How?
Bears of white skinned Germany craft.
And along comes a man who says...
We can reclaim our former glory.
Would you not follow a man like this?
Depends what else you wanted to do.
The first time I saw
Hitler talk was... 1922.
Upstairs of a coffee shop.
For maybe 30 people.
This was peacetime. but it was a
peace without food. jobs. shoes.
And he stood up.
And he said French bellies are
being filled with German pain.
And then... If you make
threats. you need bayonets.
Griard. Down with Versailles.
So that night...
I became a National Socialist.
Off of... One speech?
I could tell he would
appeal to the old soldiers.
If they have the old soldiers.
they have the manpower.
Even with his antisemitism.
it served a practical purpose.
It brought towards us men who needed
something else to focus their emotions.
Something else to blame.
And the camps?
They were to be work camps
for our political opponents.
Nothing more.
And you signed off on that?
For work camps. yeah.
Do not think that the
Japanese entered by the
Americans after Pearl
Harbor were not put to work?
Of course they were.
I made the camps for the good
of Germany. for the war effort.
Not for death.
Himmler.
Heitrich.
They were responsible?
If it is true. what they say
happened at the camps.
This is a grave blight on
the great German Reich.
Have you told your lawyer about this?
Douglas. I will not
stand against the Fuhrer.
Not even if I can help you.
These are not things
people need to know. Doctor.
Only you.
He can be sympathetic.
It is going to be a problem for you.
He seriously claims that he
thought they were only work camps.
That is right.
Do you believe him?
Himmler ran the camps.
He was the head of the SS.
Göring was the head of the Air Force.
How often in America does
the head of the Air Force
know what the head of
the Secret Service is doing?
I am sorry. but I cannot believe that we
are having this conversation right now.
I am doing what you ask.
No. you are apologizing for him.
Gentlemen. please.
I am not the one defending the Nazi.
You think I am defending him?
I am analyzing him. you provincial moron.
Göring is. above all things. a narcissist.
The only thing he cares about is building
Germany up and then becoming her leader.
He does not care about the Jews.
So he is fine with them dying.
And he is fine with them not.
The only thing Hermann Göring
cares about is Hermann Göring.
Does that sound like
a man who dedicates
himself to the extermination
of an entire race?
Well. Dr. Kelly. I really
appreciate your thoughtfulness
on this. but I have to admit
it is very hard to believe.
You want to walk into that courtroom
with a handful of assumptions?
Fine.
But he will eat you for breakfast.
I would like to apologize for my
outbursts earlier. It felt much better.
I felt a chance to be shifting.
And you?
Something seems to be troubling you.
I am fine.
This will all be over soon.
Blaze mode is markedly improved.
He told us he has begun making
arrangements for his defense.
I feel as though for the first
time he has reached out to me.
He ripped out the hem of
his towel to make a rope.
He stuffed his underwear into his
mouth so he wouldn't scream and then...
just leaned forward. apparently
with a great deal of determination.
You didn't see any of this coming?
He told me he was doing better.
Told you.
I'm supposed to keep them alive.
I'm bringing in another doctor.
A firm and a second opinion is
required for some of your patients.
Dr. Gilbert arrives this afternoon.
You will brief him.
How do you feel about suicide?
The last refuge of cowards. yeah.
And the last act of a desperate man?
So all his exceptions. of course.
You are in trouble.
Why would you say that?
A new doctor. new tests.
Since Lai died. they no longer trust you.
Your own?
Douglas. when you are
in a position of power.
they will always come after you.
You have to protect yourself.
Why would I have to
protect myself from my allies?
Just because a man is your ally
does not mean he is on your side.
My father was a
diplomat. did I tell you this?
Yeah.
He was posted to Africa.
And it was there he was
to meet his best friend.
a man named Hermann von Epstein.
I was named after him.
Yeah.
I was named for a Jew.
We loved Uncle Hermann
so much. he was very rich.
He lived in Frozenstein Castle.
And when I was six years old.
he moved my entire family in with him.
Can you imagine?
It was a child's dream
to live in such a castle.
I would run down the halls.
pretending I was a knight.
I would stare down from the battlements.
envisioning armies forming to attack.
Uncle Hermann. he lived in the largest
and most beautiful room on the top floor.
Down the hall. my mother
had a bedroom. also beautiful.
My father.
he lived in a small
bedroom on the ground floor.
And I was to realize just
how rich Uncle Hermann was.
So rich that he could move my family in.
So rich that he could put
my father on the ground floor.
So rich that whenever he wanted.
he could walk down the hall
and enjoy my mother.
Just because a man is your ally
does not mean he is on your side.
You found Hermann going to be imaginative?
I didn't find him to be that way.
The test did.
Well. that is what a second opinion is for.
Which brings us to Rudolph Hess.
I'm inclined to believe
that his amnesia is genuine.
You mean the part where
he forgets about being a Nazi?
Okay. look. Dr.
Kelly. I'm not here to
step on your toes. okay?
I'll share research with a co-author.
Co-author of what?
You don't have to play coy with me.
We're both here for the same reason.
Now. two books about the Nazi high command
that's going to cut into the market.
I say we write it together.
Good luck with your tests.
She was in.
Thank you.
Come and see Peter Haines.
Oh. she was. uh. astounded.
Teach me this trick.
Is it a coin by the ear?
Yeah. yeah. Teach me this
trick so I. too. can astound her.
I gave my silver dollar to your daughter.
It's the simplest trick in the world.
And it works because. you
know. people want to believe.
Well. you hold up the dollar and you say.
Hey. folks. here is an
ordinary average silver dollar.
And you put it in your other hand.
You focus on it.
But really. it's right here.
You palm it in your right hand.
Palm it?
You put it between these two fingers.
You wrap your palm around it.
But you focus on your left hand.
And you feel the coin
in there. the weight of it.
And if you believe it.
then they'll believe it.
And then you just. uh.
well. you reach behind the ear.
Abracadabra!
What is abracadabra?
Uh. it's a magic word.
It gives the illusion of a cosmic weight.
And it always must be abracadabra.
No. it can be anything.
It can be presto.
I think I prefer abracadabra.
So it was your father
who taught you this trick?
My father?
No.
You say that like it is unthinkable.
And my father was content to
buy his trade and display
a cheerful disposition.
He was a man of no accomplishment.
But you believe
you are destined for more.
You want to be known as a great man.
Yes.
And I am your ticket.
You will return to America as
the great scholar of the Nazis.
And I will have a trick
to impress my daughter
when this trial is done.
Stop taking me with you to see him.
I didn't want to bother you so late.
I've been seeing him a lot without me.
What are you doing. doc?
Trying to learn something?
Are you sure that's
what this is still about?
Good night. Howie.
Are you going to defend yourself. Hermann?
Oh. but not too late now.
I'm serious.
Have you friends. doctor?
I think that word is a little
too simple for what we are.
But are you asking
me this as a friend?
I am.
Tomorrow. when I enter my plea.
I will read a statement.
I am going to say
that I assume all
responsibility for my actions.
I will refuse. however.
to accept responsibility
for acts committed by others
that I was unaware of
and I would not have approved of.
But I did.
I did for my country.
Tell me you have not
done the same for yours.
They told me I could find you here.
In seven hours.
the whole world is going
to be focused on this room.
This is it.
This is everything.
This is the statement that
Gerhard plans on reading tomorrow.
Thank you.
May it please your honors.
the privilege
of opening the first trial in history
for crimes against the peace of the world
imposes a grave responsibility.
The wrongs which we
seek to condemn and punish
have been so calculated.
so malignant and so devastating
that civilization cannot
tolerate their being ignored
because we cannot
survive their being repeated.
In the prisoner's dock
said 20-odd broken men.
we will show them
to be living symbols of racial hatreds.
of terrorism and violence.
and of the arrogance
and cruelty of power.
Civilization can afford nothing
with the men in whom these forces
now precariously survive.
Wars are no longer local.
All modern wars
become world wars. eventually.
And none of the big nations can stay out.
But the ultimate step
in avoiding periodic wars
in a system of international lawlessness
is to make statesmen
responsible for the law.
And let me make clear
that while this law is first applied
against German aggressors.
it must condemn aggression
by any other nation.
including those who sit
here now in judgment.
We are able to do away
with domestic tyranny
and violence and aggression
by those in power against
the rights of their own people
only when we make all men
insurable to the law.
Hermann Kering.
the defendants are to plead guilty
or not guilty
to the charges against them.
They will proceed in turn
to a point in the dock
opposite to the microphone.
I am Hermann Wilhelm Kering.
I stand before the
court today and the world
and pledge only to tell...
The tribunal has reached the decision
that the defendants are not
entitled to make a statement.
They will be permitted
to address the court
prior to their sentencing.
As Reichsmarschall of Germany.
You are not Reichsmarschall here.
You are only Hermann
Kering. the prisoner.
Do you plead
guilty or not guilty?
Yes. Schutig.
Emmy!
Eva!
What happened?
What happened? Where are they?
What? Where are they?
They took them.
Who?
Americans.
You've got to be shitting me.
Thanks. I'm going to need it.
They arrested Emmy Gering
on suspicion of complicity
with her husband's art thefts.
The kid goes to the nuns.
No contact allowed.
They're women and children.
Yeah.
Sir. we're supposed to be better than this.
It's out of my hands.
And you're welcome.
By the way.
how did you know where she was hiding?
Did Etta play for you again?
She did.
She's very talented.
She likes you.
Do you have the letters?
No.
No letters. unfortunately.
No?
Next time.
Here's the menu. Doctor.
You're just talking about my family.
Ah. yes.
That's fine. I'm sorry to hear about that.
That's fine.
Their arrest?
Your wife and daughter
were arrested five days ago.
He didn't tell you?
Hey. Hey.
What the hell was that?
That was me being honest with my patients.
Something you ought to try sometime.
You destroyed him in there.
So?
Hey! Hey!
Jesus Christ.
You're mental health professionals!
For Christ's sake!
Doctor Gilbert. would you like me
to place Doctor Kelly under arrest?
No. sir.
Then get out of my goddamn office!
All rise!
May it please the court.
the prosecution would now like to enter
into evidence the following film footage.
The images you are about to see
have never before been shown in public.
This film should offer a brief explanation
of what the words
concentration camp implied.
These are the locations of the
largest concentration and prison camps
maintained throughout Germany and
occupied Europe under the Nazi regime.
The 4th Armored Division
of General Patton's
3rd Army liberated
this camp early in April.
They see the woodshed
where lime-covered bodies are
stacked in layers and the
stench is overpowering.
Slave labor camp at Nordhausen liberated
by the 3rd Armored Division. 1st Army.
At least 3.000 political prisoners
died here at the brutal hands of
SS troops and pardon German
criminals who were the camp's daughter.
Nordhausen has been a depository
for slaves found unfit for work in
the underground B-bomb plants and
in other German camps and factories.
Amid the corpses are human
skeletons too weak to move.
None of our medical
battalions work two days and
nights binding wounds
and giving medications.
But for advanced cases of starvation
and tuberculosis there are often no cures.
Survivors are shown being evacuated
for treatment in Allied hospitals.
I'm Lieutenant Senior Grade Jack H. Taylor.
U.S. Navy. from Hollywood. California.
Believe it or not. this is the first
time I've ever been in the movies.
I was captured December 1st.
I was taken to this Mauthausen
concentration locker. an extermination camp.
where we have been starving and beaten
and killed. forcibly my turn hadn't come.
There were five or
six ways by cast. by
shooting. by beating.
against beating with clubs.
by exposure. that is. standing
out in the snow naked for 48 hours
and having cold water thrown
on them in the middle of winter.
starvation. dogs. and
pushing over a 100-foot cliff.
This is all true. has been
seen. and is now being reported.
Nationalities and prison numbers are
tattooed on the stomachs of the inmates.
In the official report. the Buchenwald
camp is termed an extermination factory.
Bodies stacked one upon the other
were found outside the crematory.
The body disposal plant. Inside are
the ovens which gave the crematorium
a maximum disposal capacity of
about 400 bodies per 10-hour day.
A car near München. one of the
oldest of the Nazi prison camp.
This is what the liberators
found inside the building.
Hanging an orderly road
were the clothes of prisoners
who had been suffocated
in a lethal gas chamber.
They had been persuaded to
remove their clothing under the pretext
of taking a shower for which
towels and soap were provided.
Planetary conditions were so
appalling that heavy equipment
had to be brought in to
speed the work of cleaning up.
This was Bergen-Belsen.
Righted so.
How is it possible?
Himmler.
Himmler wasn't second in command.
You were 1200 camps?
What am I supposed to
believe that he didn't know?
Anyone can fake an atrocity.
So you're saying the film was a fake?
That's your defense?
What would you have me say?
How about the truth for once?
So you can run and tell Jackson?
My friend. your hypocrisy is stunning.
My hypocrisy?
You think American bullets
and bombs don't kill people?
You vaporize 150.000
Japanese at the touch of a button
and you presume to stand in
judgment on me for all crimes?
We had every right to defend ourselves.
How do you defend yourself
on someone else's soil?
There's a difference
between us bombing war
factories and civilians
dying as collateral damage
and you building 1200 human slaughterhouses
designed to exterminate an entire race.
And you know it!
What do you think war is?
Not what I thought today.
What do you think the Russians
do to German prisoners of war?
You have your freedom and I am a
prisoner because you've earned and we lost.
Not because you are morally superior!
This trial will be a farce in 15 years.
Great conquerors and not
thought of as murderers.
Genghis Khan. Alexander the
Great... You're not Alexander the Great!
You are a fat man in a cell.
And you know I have made a mistake.
You are not destined for more.
You will have an unhappy life. I think.
It will all be overshadowed by this.
By the time spent with me.
You will write your
volumes trying to relive it.
The one moment in your life.
When you actually stood with greatness.
You think you're a great man?
You think that's your legacy?
At least I will have one.
You will leave no mark on this world.
I am the book!
You are merely a footnote.
They're gonna kill you.
They're gonna hang you by
the neck until you piss yourself.
And die.
Your wife will be a widow.
Your daughter will be an orphan.
And you will have done that to yourself.
I know who you are.
What do you like?
You don't wanna know.
Jackson's putting him on
the stand day after tomorrow?
Jackson's gonna get killed.
Why do you say that?
Because Gary is ready for him.
He was ready for all of us.
Why don't you tell me all about it?
Look at that!
Your private conversations with
Hermann Göring made the front page.
You're finished.
I signed your transfer order this morning.
You're to be sent back to the
states where you'll be discharged.
You have embarrassed me
and this office for the last time.
I'm sorry. Colonel.
You deserve better.
Yes. I did.
And just so you know. we are
releasing Göring's wife and daughter.
You were right. We are better than that.
Thank you. sir.
Your train's at five o'clock.
Don't take this the wrong way.
but I never wanna see you again.
Care to say goodbye?
Did you really mean it?
You said Jackson had no chance?
Sure. It's all just a big show
for the cameras anyway.
So it doesn't matter what happens tomorrow.
If Göring beats Jackson. so be it.
Yeah. I don't believe that.
Neither do you.
You know more about
him than anybody on Earth.
Yeah. that's right. I do.
You know. I spent
thousands of hours with him.
I run hundreds of tests.
You know what sets him apart from us?
Nothing.
I know.
You know?
Because I'm one of them.
What are you talking about?
I'm German. Doc.
I grew up in Munich.
You grew up in Detroit.
You said your mom spoke German.
She did.
But my father.
Because I was raised here.
You're an American soldier.
Why'd you leave?
Why do you think?
You're a Jew.
You know. with the blonde
hair and the blue eyes.
I never got a hassle much.
My father was a patriot.
He fought for Germany
in the First World War.
We loved this country.
Eventually he realized we had to get out.
How'd you do?
The problem was getting travel visas.
Other countries wouldn't take us.
My dad had a cousin in New York who helped.
We finally got our visa in 1940.
But we only had enough
money for one ticket out.
My little sister. Margo...
She was only 11. so...
My parents didn't want her traveling alone.
Until they sent me.
Boy. how seasick the whole way.
When I landed. I stayed with my cousin.
When the Nazis invaded Holland.
my family never showed up.
That's when I went to Detroit.
I got a job as an
apprentice in a tool factory
when the English listened
to baseball on the radio.
When Pearl Harbor happened.
I was the first one
in the recruitment office to enlist.
You know what they said?
They couldn't take me.
Because I wasn't an American citizen.
I'd have to wait to get drafted.
So I did.
I waited. and I waited.
I checked the mailbox
every day for two years.
June 6th. 1944.
Landed at Omaha Beach on D-Day.
Four years earlier.
I left this country.
scared and alone in
the middle of the night.
But I came back with a goddamn army.
I found Margo.
She's in Switzerland.
She's 16 now.
She's living with relatives.
She's good.
She made it.
And her folks.
The records show that
my parents arrived at
Auschwitz August 12th. 1942.
The camp was liberated January 27th. 1945.
No sign of them.
The Nazis had a name
for what they did to us.
The Final Solution.
Like we were
some kind of nagging puzzle
that they finally figured out how to solve.
So sorry. Howie.
I don't want to tell Stryker.
I want to tell him
right before they put
that rope around his neck.
I'm going to tell that piece of
shit that he was confining in a Jew.
You say it doesn't matter
what happens tomorrow.
It matters.
More you know
matters to me.
to my family.
to all of Germany.
Göring has to fall.
You think he's going to beat Jackson?
Don. please.
Do something about it.
I can't.
You can't what?
I'm just a shrink.
You want to know why it happened here?
People let it happen.
Because they didn't stand
up until it was too late.
Have a safe trip home. Doc.
Yes. sir. Of course.
No. I... I completely
understand.
Thank you.
Son of a gun.
Truman's just named Frederick Vinson
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
Yeah. I didn't want the job anyway.
Who would?
Welcome's up.
You're walking into a trap.
Dr. Kelly. I was under the
impression you'd been relieved.
Putting Göring on the stand
gives him everything he wants.
It's why he surrendered in the first place.
His last chance to redeem
the Reich on the world stage.
After what I read in
the paper this morning.
I don't believe I care
what you think anymore.
You can't beat him.
Charles!
Not without help.
This is everything I have on him.
Private files. off-the-book conversations.
I know more about this man
than anyone else on the planet.
And it's all in here.
Why do you have this?
I was gonna write a book.
Make something of myself.
It's okay.
So you really think I can't beat him?
Honestly?
I don't know.
You know. I was gonna be Chief Justice.
I'll be lucky if there's a place
on the court for me when I return.
As of six hours ago. I was
discharged from the army.
There's nothing left for us to do. sir.
Might as well go finish the war.
The trick is to use his vanity against him.
He is the Reich Marshall.
And the Reich Marshall is never wrong.
You can't beat him.
Every decision that's led him to this place
has to be the right one.
So as much as he
won't want to talk about
the camps and the SS
and the final solution.
you can make him own them.
Kelly's right.
Get him to admit to signing those orders.
And you'll have him.
I'll have him.
This is your day.
You're ready.
No idea. sir.
Justice Jackson. are you ready?
The prosecution now calls
Hermann Göring to the stand.
For the record. is there
any doubt in your mind
that Adolf Hitler is dead?
I have no doubt.
So you are aware
that this makes you the only
living man who can expound to us
the true purposes of the Nazi party
and the inner workings of its leadership?
I am perfectly aware of this. sir.
Your party from the very beginning
intended to overthrow the Weimar Republic.
That was our firm intention.
What the hell?
And upon coming to power.
you immediately abolished
parliamentary government in Germany.
We found it to be no longer necessary.
Is that because you believe people
are not capable of self-government?
We were elected by the people
and given a mandate for change.
The systems that had previously existed
had brought Germany to the verge of ruin.
The old president of Roosevelt said
there are certain peoples in Europe
who have forsaken democracy
not because they did not wish for it.
but because democracy had
brought forth men who were too weak.
After you came to power.
you regarded it necessary to
suppress all opposition parties. correct?
We found it necessary to no
longer permit opposition here.
And you also considered it immediately
necessary to establish concentration camps?
The camps were set up as a measure
against the communists and their violence.
So it was necessary to
erect a camp for them.
run two or three camps.
something like this.
You also had to have certain groups
to carry out orders and fight
for you if necessary. right?
Certain groups... Well. for example.
if you wanted certain people killed.
you had to have some
organization that would kill them.
Yeah. Germany had
this level of political
police that you would
find in any other country.
And the SA and the SS were the
organizations that carried out these orders
and dealt with people on a
physical level. were they not?
The SA never received
orders to kill anybody.
Neither did the SS. not in my time.
Beyond a certain point.
I had no influence on it.
The SS carried out arrests.
They handled the transportation of
people to the concentration camps.
Can you not recall a time
when the SS began to perform the function
of acting as the executor
of the Nazi party?
It would be very
difficult for me to explain
to an outsider whether the SS or whether
the Gestapo may or may not be active.
Try.
Perhaps as the police came more and more
into the hands of Himmler.
expectations may have changed.
And. of course. it is well
known that some SS units were
guarding the camps and later
performed some police functions.
And carried out other
functions in the camps?
To what functions do you refer?
They carried out all of the
functions of the camps. didn't they?
If an SS unit was guarding a camp.
and an SS leader was the camp commandant.
send it to the rational to assume
that they would have carried
out all of the functions of the camp.
You have said that you wanted a
strong German state to overcome
the conditions of
Versailles. is that correct?
We wanted a strong German
state. regardless of Versailles.
The first country to be absorbed by Germany
was Austria. but it had not been part
of Germany before the First World War.
and it had not been taken from Germany by
the Treaty of Versailles. is that correct?
That is not entirely correct.
The second territory taken by Germany was
Bohemia. then Moravia. and then Slovakia.
These were not taken from
Germany by the Treaty of Versailles.
nor had they been part of Germany
before the First World War. had they?
These parts of Czech territory
were not part of the smaller German Reich
at the time of the Treaty of Versailles.
However. formally. they were united to
the German Reich for hundreds of years.
You still have not answered my question.
I have answered your question.
If the facts do not suit you.
there is very little I can do.
Can you not answer yes or no?
Time may not mean quite as much
to you as it does to the rest of us.
Mr. Justice. the tribunal
thinks the witness ought to
be allowed to make what
explanations he thinks right.
I trust that the court is not unaware
that outside of this courtroom
is a great social question
regarding the revival of Nazism.
and that one of the purposes
of declaring is to encourage
and perpetuate it by propaganda
from this trial now in process.
This witness has adopted in the
witness box and the prisoner's dock
an arrogant and contemptuous attitude
towards this tribunal. which is giving him
the opportunity of a trial.
which he never gave a living soul.
The ruling stands. Mr. Justice.
I must of course bow to
the ruling of the tribunal
and would simply request that the witness
find a way to keep his answers succinct.
Could you please repeat the question?
They were not taken from you
by the Treaty of Versailles.
where of course Austria was
taken by the Versailles Treaty
and also through Detenland.
For both these territories would
have been German territories
for the simple rights of the people
to self-determination.
I find that interesting.
considering you just
testified that people's
self-determination was
the first thing you took away.
From the very beginning.
you regarded the elimination of
Jews from the economic life of Germany
as one phase of the four-year plan
under your jurisdiction. Is that correct?
Partially correct.
Partially. I see.
I would like to review with you briefly
public acts taken by you in
reference to the Jewish question.
First. did you proclaim the Nuremberg Laws?
Yes. I did.
As president of the
Reichstag. that was my job.
What date was that?
The 15th of September. 1935.
And on the first day of December 1936.
you passed an act making it
a death penalty for Germans
to transfer property abroad?
That is correct.
That was the decree governing
restriction on foreign contracts.
And on April 22. 1938.
you published penalties
within the Reich.
Concealing.
Then on April 26. 1938.
you signed a decree
ordering the registration of
all Jewish property inside
and outside of Germany.
If it is signed by me... Then a
decree on November 12. 1938
imposing a fine of one billion
Reichsmarks for atonement on all Jews.
And that all damages
caused to Jewish property
by the riots of 1938
are many details here.
The insurance company... And the
decree on the 17th of September 1940
ordering the sequestration of
all Jewish property in Poland.
Yeah. in that part of
Poland that was a former
German province and
would return to Germany.
A decree asking Himmler and Heydrich
to make plans for
the final solution
of the Jewish question.
That is not correct.
I know that decree very well.
I ask that you show
the document number 1110.
exhibit number USA509.
I think it should be
read into the record so
we may have no argument
about its translation.
That document is signed
by you. is it not?
Is that just correct?
Please correct me if I am wrong.
Supplementing the task that
was assigned to you on 1-24-1939.
which dealt with arriving at
through furtherance of immigration
and. in fact. the evacuation.
A solution of the Jewish problem
as advantageous as possible.
I hereby charge you
with making all
necessary preparations in
regards to organizational
and financial matters
for bringing about
a final solution
of the Jewish question.
He's got them.
Am I correct so far?
No. your translation
is not correct.
Then please give
us your translation.
Supplementing the
task which was entrusted
to you in the decree
dated January 21. 1939
to solve the Jewish question
by immigration and evacuation
in the most favorable way possible.
Given present conditions.
I hereby commission you
to carry out all necessary
preparations with regard to
organizational substantive
and financial viewpoints.
Now. here is the sentence
for a complete solution.
not a final solution.
for a total solution
of the Jewish question.
A complete and total solution.
Complete and total. yeah.
A complete and total solution you
wanted the chief of the SS to enact.
Yeah. but I would like
to make an explanation.
Oh. please do.
I sent this letter
to Himmler and to Heydrich
because it was some 18 months now since the
declaration of the 24th of January. 1939
and Heydrich had
achieved very little.
So I charged him to accelerate the task of
dealing with the immigration of the Jews.
Immigration. you contend
was about immigration?
It says so in the first line.
That's just the first sentence.
The letter goes on
to state My desire
for a complete solution
to the Jewish problem
and an end to their
financial influence by
their emigration and
evacuation from Germany.
It is in this document
that you present to me.
Are there any more questions
for the witness. Justice Jackson?
Mr. Justice.
is the witness excused?
I have a question.
The tribunal was under
the impression the American
prosecutor would be
examining this witness today.
The United States is always
happy to hear from our distinguished
colleague from Great Britain.
It won't take more than a moment.
You've implied to this court that you lost
some influence with Adolf Hitler in 1942.
Is that correct?
I believe this to be the case. yes.
But you were still Reichsmarshal
of Germany in 1942.
Hitler's successor. yes?
Yes. I was the Reichsmarschall.
And you're telling me that
you were totally unaware
that three million Jews
were murdered in 1942?
I was unaware of this.
In 1943.
at least 800.000 Jews
were executed in the camps.
You were still Reichsmarshal
in 1943. is that correct?
That is correct.
In 1944.
an additional 800.000 Jews
died in the camps.
You were still Reichsmarshal
in 1944. is that correct?
That is correct.
In 1945.
250.000.
an estimated
six million Jews in total.
as well as Soviet and Polish citizens.
Romani people.
artists. scientists. writers.
journalists. photographers.
filmmakers. people killed.
not in combat.
not in enemy fire.
but exterminated by the state of Germany.
The state which you
were the Reichsmarshal of.
the preeminent political
post of your country.
You contend
that you had no knowledge.
At least give me this.
Knowing what we know now.
knowing what happened
to six million Jews.
I have to ask.
would you still follow
the Fuhrer. Adolf Hitler?
Yeah.
Eiffel.
Order! Order!
Heil Hitler.
No further questions.
I think this is as good a place
as any to adjourn for the day.
Oh. great.
Absolutely great.
I survived.
You did.
You were right.
I couldn't beat him.
Not without help.
Gering cannot stand against the Fuhrer.
Invaluable information. doctor.
So what now?
As Gering falls. so do they all.
We'll be okay.
Here.
You off?
One more thing you have to do.
You helped them. didn't you?
I did.
I'm leaving.
Leaving?
Going home.
I've come to say goodbye.
What do we do now. doctor?
Do we shake hands?
I know we were friends. Douglas.
For a while.
Goodbye. Hermann.
Years from now.
happen to what you say about us.
Will you even acknowledge we were human?
The judgment of the International
Military Tribunal will now be read.
Each defendant will be addressed in turn.
Hermann Gering.
the evidence shows that after Hitler.
you were the most prominent
man in the Nazi regime.
Your guilt is unique in its enormity.
Your record discloses no excuses.
The International Military Tribunal
sentences you to death by hanging.
Rudolf Hess.
you are indicted.
The executions are
scheduled for midnight tonight.
In order to maintain discipline. the
prisoners will not be informed until 11.
45 pm. when they will be awakened
in their cells and offered last rites.
At 8 pm. eight hand-picked
journalists will arrive at the prison.
Two French. two British.
two American. two Russian.
Lights out is at 9.
30. which is when the doctor
will do his normal final rounds.
Any prisoner requesting a sleep aid
will be given a placebo with baking soda.
At 10 o'clock.
we will bring the press
down to the gallows.
where I will brief them of the
final preparations for tonight.
The prisoners will be brought in one by one
and given the opportunity
to speak their last words.
They will then...
Who is it?
Gering. sir.
No. no. no. no!
No. you son of a bitch!
You don't get to do this!
He's dead. sir.
Sign. I... God damn it!
I'm sorry. sir.
We have a decision to make.
We can either scrub the
executions for tonight or proceed.
Let's just get home with it.
Sir. I... Stryker is refusing
to put his clothes on.
Come on.
Get out of here!
You fucking stupid whore!
Let him go! Let him go!
Julius.
You... You...
You have been defended.
Come on.
Let's do it together.
Give me a shirt.
Ask him his name.
You know my name.
Any last words?
Cool him. feast 1946.
For she victim...
Benziadis Tagus Hagen!
Oh. damn it!
Why do you leave the bar?
Yes. Kay.
I have to be honest. Dr. Kelly.
I find some of the conclusions
in your book quite unbelievable.
You were dealing with the Nazis.
who you must admit are unique people.
They are not unique people.
There are people like the Nazis
in every country in the world today.
Not in America.
Yes. in America.
Their personality patterns are not obscure.
There are people who want to be in power.
And while you say they don't exist
here. I would say I'm quite certain
there are people in
America who would willingly
climb over the corpses
of half the American public
if they knew they could
gain control of the other half.
Doctor. please.
They stoke hatred.
It's what Hitler and Göring
did. and it is textbook.
And if you think the next time it happens
we're going to recognize it because
they're wearing scary uniforms.
you're out of your damn mind.
More with our panel when we return.
Yeah. uh-huh.
They're not going to invite
you to stay for the next segment.
Let's go.
And just so you know.
trashing our country is probably
not the best way to sell your book.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-